in the family of monoblock frames some frames have been studied with
specificities yet different for specific activities
this is the case of triathlon track frames and against the clock the point
common to these three disciplines are go to dynamism stability and
extra stiffness
the last of its frames and 496 developed in close collaboration
with the French Cycling Federation and who won nine
medals at the last olympic games of athens in the 196 triathlon case
it is a very specific product of course for the very Atlanticist but from
of the track technology you have to know that
on the velodromes we do not need comfort there we are on roads
paved so we adapted the track technology with a maximum of
comfort
there are two types of products in triathlon
a rage but very traditional product for
to be a dancer uphill seems to touch the room
and then downhill to have maximum stability to attack the turns
and at the same time we need a very specific product is being
much flatter course a little hilly which is long course
lower this item from 4 to 96 triathlon
when at 196 million a position the son of that advance an angle of
type of that of 76 degrees
end up at the triathlon be happy to have a maximum
by pedaling since
it is placed directly above the bottom bracket
then the 496 it also has incomparable aerodynamics
the know-how of setting for the theater is very important
especially on courses
small Bayonne hand of 180 km
maybe a lot better dynamics on a bike
it's also saving a lot for the third discipline, which is the
running then the 4 96 triathlon he also has a source at citic
since it is integrated of the deportees
it brings maximum safety and stability to triathlon
you have to know that this force that allows you to stay
very long aerodynamic position on the extensions and
in courses% and very windy see sinuous this stability makes it the
difference compared to other types of bikes we triathletes
must get up and relayed in their mom is thanks to the forms
oversized the 496 offers exceptional rigidity ouattara at a
speed of 30 or 40 kilometers hour it will bring
maximum efficiency is the maximum here is the 496 it's really the guarantee of
thrills
rigidity and aerodynamics are the key words of this importance
because it visited the 496 must meet the requirements of the trackers
the powers must exceed 1500 m that's why we use
leguillaume of a carbon fiber available
we arrive at exceptional values ​​twice as much as
the aerodynamic route was studied in a shaped wind tunnel
digital at first and then real
the study wheel arches have been optimized to reduce the
laforge turbulence bring them bring them it's a real advantage
we were able to win in the end 2% of cx is the equivalent of 50 hundredths of
second to the kilometer it's capital
as many disciplines where the medals refers to the hundredths mylene of
close second
finally we got custody of 400 grams its together which is rare to
this national level